README.md, before:

# Pokédex App
This app is a simple Pokémon repository that displays a list of Pokémon from nine different generations fetched from the PokéAPI. It allows users to view Pokémon details in a modal, including their types, abilities, height, weight, and a Pokédex entry. The app also provides options to load Pokémon from different generations.

This project is also made in part of learning how to utilize Javascript and various other relevant tools for the Full Stack Web Development CareerFoundry Course. 

# Features
- Displays a list of Pokémon with their images.
- Fetches Pokémon details from the PokéAPI.
- Shows Pokémon details in a modal.
- Allows navigation between up to nine Pokémon generations.

# Usage
The app automatically loads and displays a list of the first 151 Pokémon from the PokéAPI. Users can click on a Pokémon card to view its details in a modal. Buttons at the top of the page allow users to load Pokémon from different generations.

# Tech Stack Used
- JavaScript ES6 and jQuery
- HTML & CSS
- BootStrap
- PokéAPI


# Credits
Pokémon data is provided by the PokéAPI.
Background colors for Pokémon types are inspired by the Pokémon games.

# License
This project is open source and available under the MIT License.
Feel free to modify the content and style as needed to suit your project's specifics.

Commit message:

Squashed commit of the following:
commit fd80a437b621f95bf0572229b3a8d36cbfca784a
Author: may_ <lammayyin@gmail.com>
Date:   Mon Jun 24 23:51:00 2024 +0200

    Updated README.md

    Updated details in the Credits Section in README.md

commit 07ca17c94a2e4939308459693bd81b6287ebc011
Author: may_ <lammayyin@gmail.com>
Date:   Mon Jun 24 23:46:58 2024 +0200

    Updated README.md and logo image

    Updated live link to README.md and added a logo image file

README.md, after:

# Pokédex App
This app is a simple Pokémon repository that displays a list of Pokémon from nine different generations fetched from the PokéAPI. It allows users to view Pokémon details in a modal, including their types, abilities, height, weight, and a Pokédex entry. The app also provides options to load Pokémon from different generations.

This project is also made in part of learning how to utilize Javascript and various other relevant tools for the Full Stack Web Development CareerFoundry Course. 

# Features
- Displays a list of Pokémon with their images.
- Fetches Pokémon details from the PokéAPI.
- Shows Pokémon details in a modal.
- Allows navigation between up to nine Pokémon generations.

# Usage
The app automatically loads and displays a list of the first 151 Pokémon from the PokéAPI. Users can click on a Pokémon card to view its details in a modal. Buttons at the top of the page allow users to load Pokémon from different generations.

# Tech Stack Used
- JavaScript ES6 and jQuery
- HTML & CSS
- BootStrap
- PokéAPI

# View Live 
https://mayyinandprojects.github.io/Pokedex-App-with-Javascript/#home

# Credits
Pokémon data is provided by the PokéAPI (https://pokeapi.co/about).
The Pokémon franchise belongs to the Pokémon Company (https://www.pokemon.com/us).
Background colors for Pokémon types are inspired by the Pokémon games.

# License
This project is open source and available under the MIT License.
Feel free to modify the content and style as needed to suit your project's specifics.
